Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
♫   Endless drifting   ♫
♫   To the end of the dark forest   ♫
♫   The wind is like a hand   ♫
♫   Trying to keep time   ♫
♫   Who is the hunter with a gun   ♫
♫   Trying to devour the entire universe   ♫
♫   The light is like an eye   ♫
♫   That penetrates dreams   ♫
♫   Don't answer   ♫
♫   Who is eager to fill his eyes with the starry sky   ♫
♫   The earth is no longer rotating   ♫
♫   You gave me a small universe   ♫
♫   In the arms of the universe   ♫
♫   Calling humbly for the vast space and time   ♫
♫   The world aches dully   ♫
=Three-Body=
[ Episode 10 ]
Lord or God, neither is related.
I told you that anything sufficiently weird must be fishy.
If you ask me, it's really like a pyramid scheme I cracked before.
The mental state is similar.
Shen Yufei must have been brainwashed.
I think Yang Dong's death...
Yes. Our only finding is concerning Yang Dong.
Yang Dong didn't kill herself when we thought she would.
But she did it when she seemed unlikely to do it.
What happened during that period?
We can only make a breakthrough after we find the key point.
I think we should find Ding Yi again .
- Find Ding Yi again?
- Yeah.
We need to know in detail what Yang Dong did
between the experiment and her suicide.
[Large Particle Collider]
We mustn't overlook any detail.
Isn't it inappropriate for me to talk with Ding Yi about Yang Dong again and again?
You think too much.
You don't even know her.
You just want to know her.
It's really inappropriate.
You don't have to go.
I have "ten people" at my disposal.
I asked Dr. Ding to recall some of the details.
I organized them in chronological order.
As for the contact of Yang Dong and her colleagues with other people, I'm still investigating.
Well done! You're great!
Generally, weddings are very important for women.
But Yang Dong didn't even choose her own wedding invitations.
[ Ding Yi went out to buy invitations ]
As a woman, she didn't even like shopping and only bought black and white outfits.
She used to buy several suits at one time.
Yes.
In my mind,
she was really simple.
[ The couple went to a mall to shop for clothes and shoes ]
Wait.
That's not right.
That's not right. The first time I went to Dr. Ding's house, I saw a red dress on a hanger.
Yes.
I also saw several bright dresses when I went there,
which were fashionable with the tags still attached.
It is said that they shopped for the dresses together.
As a woman who only paid attention to physics and never cared about her life,
Yang Dong dropped her research, decorated the house with Ding Yi, and prepared for their wedding.
Isn't it weird?
Don't you feel like going to a concert?
Besides physicists' names, can you tell me the name of any singer?
I don't know any of them.
But we should start to know.
The album you often play while driving isn't bad.
I've played it for years.
I think your research...
Shall we ask a fortune teller to designate an auspicious for our wedding?
Do you like it? I had a manicure recently.
It's good.
The bed is comfy.
Let's order this one.
As Shen Yufei said, Yang Dong started to enjoy life.
At least since then, after Yang Dong contacted Shen Yufei, she had shown signs of change.
It's just normal for ordinary women to do those things.
- But Yang Dong was different.
- So what do you mean?
It isn't normal for a female physicist to do such things, is it?
That day, she went to a furniture mall with Ding Yi.
She stayed there all day long
without mentioning anything about physics.
I like this one.
It's special.
According to Ding Yi, it was rare for Yang Dong to not discuss physics with him.
And from that day on, she seldom exchanged academic information with him.
Shall we get a tub?
Then we can take a flower bath every night.
That might be another sign of despair.
Yeah.
But she seemed very happy.
Look, this is her photo at that time.
She seemed relaxed and in a completely different state of mind from when you took the photo of her.
It feels good.
If you like, we can come here often.
I didn't expect that we could enjoy such leisure time.
We can live like this in the future.
Shi Qiang, I really don't know what you want to do.
You asked me to stop my work, come here,
and review all the things about Ding Yi and Yang Dong with you.
Isn't it absurd?
You guys do one thing over and over again in scientific research.
- Isn't it absurd?
- We were doing experiments.
We have to seek proof repeatedly.
When we detectives review the path that victims and suspects have taken,
we're also seeking proof.
Why do you get heated?
Why do you get heated every time I mention Yang Dong?
Enough, I can't win an argument against you.
Why don't you get heated on hearing Shen Yufei's name?
- Did you really meet Yang Dong just once?
- All right.
We've reviewed everything again.
Have you drawn any conclusions?
The conclusion is that after Shen Yufei contacted Yang Dong,
Yang seemed to have given up scientific research.
She wanted to be a housewife.
She chose to be a carefree turkey.
If she was carefree, why did she commit suicide?
Only Lord knows.
Shen Yufei's "Lord"?
Obviously Pan Han and his people are against us,
especially for our attitude towards Wang Miao.
Commander, does it make any sense to win over Wang Miao in this way?
[Does redemption or destruction make sense ?]
Yes.
They did many things in a more extreme way than us.
They targeted at scientists directly and even destroyed many scientific research bases.
But I have to say, their actions have a greater impact than ours.
[People can see destruction, but most of them can't see redemption.]
Welcome to discuss the significance
of the existence of science at this meeting with us.
It's important to find out someone's behavior.
Look, by reviewing Yang Dong's behavior,
we can find that after the failure of the Liangxiang experiment
and the suicide of Professor Munphy, she found that physics might not exist.
Then she contacted Shen Yufei.
She was sure that physics didn't exist.
Yang Dong's words were, "Physics has never existed."
Is there any difference?
Of course there is.
If physics doesn't exist, there may be a problem with our fundamental theory.
If physics has never existed,
it would overthrow human's understanding of the entire earth for thousands of years,
whether in the macro world or in the micro world.
How could they be the same?
Fine, I agree with you, okay?
I agree with you.
Then, well... She, well, well, then she would...
She would choose to be a carefree turkey, right?
Then she prepared to live a normal life.
She accepted Ding Yi's proposal,
bought a house and began to decorate it
[Decorate the new house. Apply for a job]
till she found a new job.
Is that right, Xu Bingbing?
I inquired about it at the Institute of Applied Physics.
The head there said that they really hoped an expert in fundamental physics
like Yang Dong would work there.
Yang Dong herself was also very enthusiastic about her new job.
But unfortunately, on the third day after she accepted the offer, she killed herself.
The people of the Institute were deeply distressed too.
They didn't know the reason.
That's right.
That's the problem.
The last three days are the point.
What did she do?
Suicide note.
She should have written the note during that time.
That's right.
If in the last three days,
she found out that physics had never existed,
how did she find it without contacting Shen Yufei?
Had she straightened out her thinking, then in the last two days,
she was confused again?
Xu Bingbing.
There was a countdown in front of my eyes too.
I've also seen the universe flicker.
- I was really desperate at that time.
- Tell me what will happen (flashback)
at the end of the countdown!
I might have thought of suicide, but more likely,
I was going to live negatively, give up my research,
be a teacher, and muddle along the rest of my life.
But suddenly one day, there was another countdown in front of my eyes, or something else that shocked me.
I can't imagine how great the shock was to make me give up my life.
Does that make sense?
It makes sense.
It all makes sense.
Let me tell you the rest.
During that period, Yang Dong was about to start a normal life blithely.
But the weird thing is,
Yang Dong's mother,
Professor Ye Wenjie,
seems to have never mentioned any changes of Yang Dong in this period.
It doesn't seem right.
As a mom, why doesn't she care about her daughter at all?
Are you suggesting that Professor Ye
has never cared about her daughter, right?
[Ye Wenjie Professor of Tsinghua University]
That's not right.
Unlike you, Professor Ye doesn't spend all her days on research.
She is a retired old lady.
If she has time to take care of her neighbors' children,
how could she not notice such a big change that happened to her own daughter?
So, I think you should find some time to have a good talk with Professor Ye.
Don't you like talking with her?
You'll get more information talking to her than if I question her directly.
Helping you mess with these things seriously occupies lots of my research time.
Professor Wang, if physics has never existed, what's the point in your stupid research?
I, uh, I just, I... I, I... I just...
What did I just say that offended him?
You scientists are all childish, aren't you?
Oh, right.
You're a cop.
D-don't take his side.
I consulted experts about the universe flickering.
What did you get?
Tell me about the results of your investigation first.
The investigation has reached an impasse.
Wang Miao and Sha Ruishan both mentioned that
they might have put a large screen in space very far from the earth.
A very large screen, like playing a movie.
I haven't found out more than you have.
You know what, your metaphor is very vivid.
Put a large screen in the air, just like playing a movie.
I can hardly contradict that.
The only thing I can contradict is humans can't do that.
Definitely.
Fishy.
Just because humans can't do it, does that mean it can't happen?
Chang, what do you mean?
Is Shen Yufei an alien?
Did you hear... Did you hear what I told you?
Alien!
Did you hear what I told you? Alien!
That's a possibility.
Do you mean you believe it?
Like the fishy things you often say, alien is just a byword.
When we face supernatural phenomena and things that science can't explain, we attribute it to aliens.
But what are aliens?
We have no idea.
But now, everything is really happening before us.
I don't care if it's an alien's trick or a fishy thing.
I want to explore what it really is, what form it exists in,
what kind of power it has and what its purpose is.
I think it's the greatest value for us if I puzzle all these problems out, right?
I was right about you. You're definitely not an average turkey.
Then what's the difference between aliens' tricks and fishy things?
I also have the right to think.
[Tsinghua University]
This is nanomaterial.
Let's call it a day today.
Thanks for listening.
Let's go.
Let's go now.
Hurry up.
- Professor, goodbye.
- Bye.
- Xiao Wang.
- Ms. Ye.
Thank you.
I know you managed to take time out of your busy research
in order to give my students a lecture on applied physics.
I'm so happy to meet with your approval.
Though I'm retired, I'm still interested in academics.
Sometimes, when they hold such an event, I'll come to attend.
The research in our life needs successors.
By the way, Professor Ye,
some things have happened recently in the Frontiers of Science.
The investigation team asked me to assist in their work.
Recently, I read some files about your past experiences.
A part of them seem to not have been declassified yet.
Yes.
It was really a special experience.
In fact, there are no secrets anymore.
You've never lived in that era.
♫ Advance! Advance! ♫
That was a memorable era.
♫ The momentum of revolution is unstoppable ♫
♫ Advance! Advance! ♫
♫ In the direction of victory ♫
♫ Three red flags are fluttering in the wind ♫
Take a step!
Left foot!
Right foot!
Self-reliance!
Come on!
Hurry up. Hurry up.
Chop the branches down.
Back then, the administration sent educated youths to the countryside.
I was assigned to the Greater Khingan Mountains.
Come on!
We plant trees in all directions.
We can shoulder an entire mountain.
Hurry up.
Comrade, move!
Go ahead.
Next one.
Ma Gang, come here.
Can I help you, Mr. Bai?
Let me ask you a question.
Do you know how old this tree was?
You can count the rings.
I did.
Most of the trees here are over 300 years.
How long it took you to saw through it?
No more than ten minutes.
Let me tell you, I'm the fastest chain saw operator in the company.
Whichever squad I'm with, the red flag for model workers follows me.
More than three hundred years.
A dozen generations.
When this tree was but a shrub, it was still the Ming Dynasty.
During all these years, how many storms it had weathered?
How many events it had witnessed?
But in a few minutes, you cut it down.
You really felt nothing?
What do you want me to feel?
It's just a tree.
The only things we don't lack around here are trees.
There are plenty of trees much older than this one.
All right. Go back to work.
Mr. Bai, can I be featured in the Great Production News?
Intellectuals always
make a fuss about nothing.
Hello.
Are you Ye Wenjie?
I'm a reporter for the Great Production News, Bai Mulin.
I saw you when you borrowed books from the production team.
I know you.
I've read your articles.
I can tell how you're feeling.
The two of us are the only ones who feel this way.
Come and take a rest.
I visited this region a year ago.
I remember arriving around noon,
and my hosts told me that we'd have fish for lunch.
I looked around the bark-lined hut
and saw only a pot of water being boiled.
No fish.
Then, as soon as the water boiled,
the cook went out with a rolling pin.
He stood by the brook that passed before the hut,
struck the water with the rolling pin,
and dragged big fish out of the water.
What a fertile place!
But look at that brook now.
It's just dead, muddy water in a ditch.
I really don't know
if they're engaged in construction or destruction.
Where did you get these thoughts?
I just read a book, and it really moved me.
Can you read English?
This was published in 1962 and was very influential in the West.
Silent Spring, Rachel Carson.
Where did you get this?
The book attracted the attention of the higher-ups.
They want to use it for internal reference.
I'm responsible for translating the part about forests.
What does the book talk about?
Pesticides and the environment?
There's something deeper.
I want to write to the central leadership
and inform them the bad phenomena.
Keep it if you want to read it.
But don't let anyone see it.
This kind of book, you know...
OK.
♫ Flying wild geese  ♫
♫  Please fly quickly   ♫
♫  Send a message to my hometown   ♫
♫  The children from afar miss   ♫
♫  Their homesick mother   ♫
♫  Flying wild geese   ♫
♫  Please fly quickly   ♫
♫  Send a message to my hometown   ♫
♫  The children from afar miss   ♫
The book dealt only with a limited subject,
the negative environmental effects of excessive pesticide use.
But the description in the book shook me to the core.
Chairman Mao wrote in On Practice,
Marxists regard
man's activity in production as the most fundamental practical activity,
the determinant of all his other activities.
Man's knowledge
depends mainly on his activity in material production,
through which he comes gradually to understand the phenomena,
the properties and the laws of nature...
♪ We are marching on a great road ♪
Ready? Begin!
♪ Spirits high and fighting will strong ♪
Keep up. Don't lag behind.
Pack up the firewood piled in the west and move it into the warehouse.
Yes!
Take a break in your huts.
Gather in five minutes for the meeting.
Wenjie.
- Did you work today?
- Next.
I've been with the company for so long.
I can't just walk around doing nothing.
Have to participate in labor.
That's the spirit of the revolution.
Your name?
Bai Mulin.
A chain saw.
A rod.
- OK. Go ahead.
- Thanks.
I worked near Radar Peak.
The trees there were so dense.
I sank into the rotting leaves up to my knees.
I fear I'll get sick from the miasma.
Radar Peak?
Yes.
The regiment urgently assigns us
to clear out a warning zone around it by cutting down trees.
What's this place?
It's said to be a military base.
According to the folks, when it was built three years ago,
the military mobilized a lot of people to string a power line
along the peak and to construct a road leading to the top.
Tons of supplies were transported up the mountain.
It seems to be an important place.
But after the completion of the base, the road was destroyed.
What's the sound?
Look.
The antenna appears.
What is that?
The peak was nameless before.
It got its moniker from the large parabolic antenna dish at the top.
What is it used for?
It doesn't look like a radar antenna.
I don't know.
Though its orientation always changes,
it's never moved in a continuous manner.
Let's go.
I've been here for so long, but I never noticed it.
The antenna isn't always visible.
But when it's extended, many strange things will occur.
Animals in the forest become noisy and anxious.
Birds erupt from the woods, and people will suffer nausea and dizziness.
Also, those who live near Radar Peak tend to lose their hair.
According to the folks, these only began after the antenna was built.
Radioactive rays?
It's more than that.
One time, when it was snowing, the antenna was extended, and the snow instantly turned to rain.
Sometimes, when the antenna was extended, a clear day would turn to thunder and lightning,
and strange lights would appear in the night sky.
It's a forbidden area.
Before I came here, I was told to avoid approaching the place,
or the patrols were allowed to shoot without warning.
Do you remember the two men who were reprimanded last week?
No sooner than they chased a deer to the foot
of Radar Peak, the sentries stationed halfway up the peak shot at them.
They were so terrified and turned to run.
[Military Zone]
Luckily, the forest was so dense that they weren't hurt, though one of them peed in his pants.
When they returned to the company the next day, both were reprimanded.
Maybe it was because of this incident, we were directed to create a warning zone.
Could the base issue labor assignments to us?
I hear it has great political power.
I have to go now.
OK.
[The whole nation should study earnestly the international situation.]
♪ We are marching on a great road ♪
♪ Spirits high and fighting will strong ♪
♪ The party leads the way before us ♪
♪ As we thunder through the storm ♪
♪ Advance! Advance ♪
Come in.
Wenjie.
I'm here to return your book.
I was going to look for you.
You're just in time.
I'll show you the letter I wrote.
Letter?
Yes.
I told you last time that I was going to write to the central leadership.
Take a seat.
Sorry.
My handwriting is sloppy.
It's beautiful.
The Taihang Mountains have turned from
a historically fertile place to the barren wasteland due to deforestation.
The Yellow River's silt is rising rapidly now.
The great reclamation in the northern tree farm will lead to severe consequences.
The content is informative and tightly argued.
Okay.
I'll make a clean copy of the draft.
Don't burn yourself.
My hands are trembling due to frequent use of the chain saw.
[Respected]
Perfect.
This sheet is wasted.
Why don't I copy it for you?
The chain saw is too heavy.
No wonder your hand is trembling.
Let me copy it for you.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
[Respected]
You have pretty handwriting.
You studied physics?
Astrophysics.
Useless now.
Astrophysics?
So you study the stars?
How can that be useless?
Colleges have reopened recently, but they're not taking graduate students.
A highly educated talent like you has been sent to this place...
It's a shame.
I didn't tell him that I was fortunate enough to be sent to the northern tree farm.
[50,000 educated youths all over the country...]
At the moment, the hut was quiet.
I could hear the sound of pen nib scratching against paper,
and smell the fragrance of the sawdust.
Since my father died,
I hadn't felt relaxed >and experienced warmth for a long time.
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
[ Three-Body ]